1. Mildly hepatomegaly with echogenic parenchyma compatible with chronic liver disease/fatty infiltration.2. Sludge with nonspecific gallbladder wall thickening and trace pericholecystic fluid in association with a negative sonographic Murphy's sign is favored to be related to chronic liver disease.3. Increased renal cortical echogenicity compatible with medical renal disease/parenchymal dysfunction. No hydronephrosis.
No evidence of recurrent disease or suspicious lymphadenopathy.
1.Mild right collecting system prominence, unchanged. Echogenic kidneys compatible with medical renal disease.2.Echogenic debris layering within the bladder is nonspecific but could be related to hemorrhage. Clinical correlation is recommended.
1. No masses are noted within the liver. Unremarkable exam.
Nonspecific left lower pole nodule without increased vascularity or microcalcifications.
Diffusely increased echogenicity and coarse echotexture of the hepatic parenchyma, consistent with fatty liver/hepatic parenchymal dysfunction. No hepatic mass or ductal dilatation.
Increased echogenicity and cortical thinning of bilateral kidneys, suggestive of medical renal disease, without evidence of hydronephrosis or shadowing calculi.
1.No acute sonographic abnormalities.2.Small abdominal aortic aneurysm.
The left lobe of the thyroid is largely occupied by a mixed cystic/solid lesion. This is amenable to biopsy.
Well-circumscribed mass in the left upper arm compatible with a lipoma.
1.Unremarkable sonographic evaluation of the thyroid gland.2.Mildly enlarged left submandibular node, favored to be benign and reactive in etiology. 
1.No sonographic findings of nephrolithiasis or hydronephrosis.2.Mild increased cortical echogenicity of the kidneys suggests medical renal disease.
Mild increase in hepatic parenchymal echogenicity with coarsened echotexture consistent with fatty liver/hepatic parenchymal dysfunction. No hepatic mass or ductal dilatation identified.
Moderately complex left inferior pole cyst as described. Continued ultrasound surveillance is recommended in one year. If available, the outside hospital MRI may aid in further characterization.
Thick-walled gallbladder with small adjacent fluid, while correlation with patient's clinical history and laboratory values recommended to exclude acute cholecystitis, there is no gallbladder distention and wall thickening is nonspecific in setting of patient's small ascites, may be reactive in etiology or secondary to chronic liver disease or hypoproteinemia.Mild underlying cirrhosis not entirely excluded with mildly coarsened hepatic parenchymal echotexture and possible micronodular contour seen.
1.Mild increase in hepatic parenchymal echogenicity with coarsened echotexture consistent with fatty liver/hepatic parenchymal dysfunction. No hepatic mass or ductal dilatation identified.2.No evidence of cholelithiasis or acute cholecystitis.
1. Limited evaluation of the gallbladder secondary to contraction. Cholelithiasis without definite sonographic evidence of cholecystitis.2. Mild increase in hepatic parenchymal echogenicity with coarsened echotexture consistent with fatty liver/hepatic parenchymal dysfunction. No hepatic mass or ductal dilatation identified.3. Partially visualized right-sided pleural effusion.4. Trace left perinephric fluid.
No shadowing renal calculi are seen in the right kidney. Left kidney not evaluated today, as patient's medical condition prohibited necessary repositioning. 
Sludge in gallbladder. No secondary signs of acute cholecystitis.Mildly increased renal cortical echogenicity, may reflect medical renal disease.Spleen not visualized.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
1. Hepatomegaly with markedly echogenic hepatic parenchyma consistent with chronic liver disease/fatty infiltration. No focal hepatic lesion is visualized. Given the degree of echogenicity, sensitivity to detect a subtle lesion is decreased. Contrast-enhanced cross-sectional imaging may be helpful if there is clinical suspicion for a hepatic lesion.2. Cholelithiasis without evidence of acute inflammation.
1.Possible cholelithiasis without findings of acute cholecystitis. No gallbladder distention, gallbladder wall thickening or pericholecystic fluid
1. There are no masses visualized within the liver.2. Cholelithiasis without evidence cholecystitis.3. Simple cyst noted within the superior pole the right kidney.
1.Multinodular goiter with multiple thyroid nodules
Partially reducible small fat-containing periumbilical hernia.
Echogenic liver, likely reflecting underlying hepatic steatosis/parenchymal dysfunction.
Normal examination.
1.Stable thyroid nodules as described above.2.Left inferior lobe hypoechoic nodule may represent a hyperplastic parathyroid gland or an exophytic thyroid nodule.
1. Increased echogenicity of liver parenchyma is nonspecific but may reflect diffuse infiltrative disease such as fatty liver disease. 2. There is mildly decreased velocity of the main portal vein flow.
Hepatomegaly with coarse and echogenic liver parenchyma compatible with hepatic steatosis/parenchymal dysfunction. No evidence of cirrhosis.
1.Increased echogenicity of the liver parenchyma is consistent with steatosis.2.Increased echogenicity of the pancreas is consistent with fatty change.
1. Cirrhotic morphology with moderate ascites. No suspicious hepatic lesion.2. Numerous tortuous vessels occupy the portal vein bed raising the suspicion for cavernous transformation.
No hydronephrosis.
Normal appearance of the thyroid gland without focal nodule or discrete abnormality. No suspicious cervical lymphadenopathy.
Echogenic liver, likely reflecting underlying parenchymal dysfunction/hepatic steatosis.Near level of pancreatic head/neck is 12 mm ovoid focus, favored to be a peripancreatic lymph node (as opposed to an intrapancreatic lesion), please refer to discussion above.Cholelithiasis. No secondary signs of acute cholecystitis. 
Right isthmus complex hypoechoic nodule. This would be amenable to biopsy if clinically warranted.
No hydronephrosis.Nonobstructing right-sided nephrolithiasis.
1.Heterogeneous thyroid gland with macronodular contour, no measurable nodule delineated. Findings may represent underlying goiter and correlation with thyroid function tests recommended.
Negative bilateral renal ultrasound. No hydronephrosis, stones, or worrisome masses are seen.
1.Fatty infiltration of the liver. No sonographic signs of cholecystitis.
1.Echogenic kidneys compatible with medical renal dysfunction.
1. Multiple small renal cysts with a dominant right upper pole cyst measuring up to 6.7 cm. The upper pole cyst is unchanged.2. No evidence of angiomyolipomas. 
Stable left thyroid bed nodule and left level 2 lymph node.
No sonographic evidence of renal dysfunction, renal calculi, or hydronephrosis.
Heterogeneous parenchyma, of the liver may reflect fatty liver infiltration. No evidence of cholelithiasis.
Mild, irregularly increased echogenicity of the hepatic parenchyma, which can be seen with fatty liver. No hepatic mass or ductal dilatation is seen.
1.Stable 1 cm hyperechoic lesion in the right hepatic lobe is incompletely characterized but statistically favors a hemangioma. Further characterization with cross-sectional imaging is suggested, however, given history of hepatitis C.
Echogenic kidneys suggestive of medical renal disease. No evidence of hydronephrosis.
Right medial upper thigh abscess.
No hydronephrosis.
1. Multiple stones and small sludge seen in gallbladder. Per ultrasound technologist, patient tender over right upper quadrant. However, no additional signs of acute cholecystitis seen; no evidence of gallbladder dilatation, wall thickening or pericholecystic fluid.2. No biliary duct dilatation.3. Coarsened echogenic liver parenchyma, likely reflecting underlying hepatic steatosis/parenchymal dysfunction. 
1. Cholelithiasis with gallbladder wall thickening and common bile duct dilatation with evidence of intrahepatic biliary ductal dilatation. Findings compatible with acute cholecystitis with no definite sonographic evidence of choledocholithiasis. However, given intrahepatic biliary dilatation, further imaging evaluation with MRI/MRCP is suggested. If outside MRCP images can be obtained, they may be submitted for evaluation. 2. Questionable heterogeneous focus in the uncinate process of the pancreas with peripheral flow. Further cross-sectional imaging evaluation is recommended. The above findings were communicated via telephone to Dr. Radovanovic at 9:34 AM on 5/11/16. 
1.Cholelithiasis with a distended gallbladder early cholecystitis is not excluded.
Heterogeneous appearance of the gland consistent with chronic thyroiditis without increased vascularity with multiple benign-appearing nodules, as detailed above. 
1.Gas and debris within the renal collecting system with moderate left hydronephrosis. Likely due to reflux from a enterovesical fistula.
1. Findings compatible with an exophytic nodule originating from the inferior right thyroid lobe.2. Stable left thyroid nodule.3. Heterogenous thyroid gland.
Moderately echogenic liver, may represent nonspecific fatty infiltration versus parenchymal disease. No suspicious lesion identified.
Mild increase in hepatic parenchymal echogenicity with coarsened echotexture consistent with fatty liver/hepatic parenchymal dysfunction. No hepatic mass or ductal dilatation identified.
No surrounding soft tissue edema, loculated fluid collection or abscess associated with left AV fistula.
1.Mildly increased size of left upper pole hypoechoic lesion. 2.Left mid pole hypoechoic lesion, unchanged. Left lower pole lesion not identified on this study, probably due to patient body habitus/bowel gas.3.No hydronephrosis or renal calculus.4.Mildly coarse liver, on non-dedicated study, may represent fatty infiltration/parenchymal dysfunction.
Echogenic kidneys compatible with medical renal disease. No hydronephrosis.
1.Cholelithiasis without findings of acute cholecystitis.2.The appendix could not be visualized.
Nonspecific subcutaneous soft tissue nodule as above. 
1.Severely echogenic liver parenchyma compatible with fatty infiltration.
1.Mild hydronephrosis of the left kidney with no evidence of obstructing shadowing calculi.2.Increased echogenicity of bilateral kidneys suggestive of medical renal disease.3.Increased echogenicity of the liver, suggestive of fatty infiltration.
1.Increased echogenicity of the liver, probably nonspecific fatty infiltration/parenchymal dysfunction. No suspicious lesion identified.2.Mild splenomegaly.
Subcentimeter nonspecific but probably benign nodule in the upper pole of the left thyroid gland.
Normal examination.
Normal right upper quadrant ultrasound in a patient status post cholecystectomy.
Hyperechoic liver nodule may represent a hemangioma (as reported by patient) but is nonspecific. If further imaging evaluation is clinically warranted, CT examination could be performed. No sonographic findings to explain right upper quadrant pain.
No focal mass, lesion, or loculated fluid collection identified in the left upper extremity to correlate with patient's palpable mass.
1. Status post total thyroidectomy. No sonographic evidence of recurrent or metastatic disease.
Heterogenous thyroid gland with bilateral nodules, favoring a benign etiology.
Echogenic renal parenchyma bilaterally suggests medical renal disease/parenchymal dysfunction. Right kidney is atrophic. Minimal prominence of the left renal collecting system.
Mild right dilatation and left prominence of the renal collecting systems, which may be due to bladder distention.
1.Echogenic renal cortices compatible with medical renal disease.
1. Extrinsic mass effect on the bladder from patient's known uterine mass without evidence of hydronephrosis.2. Echogenic kidneys suggestive of medical renal disease.
1. Cholelithiasis without evidence of acute cholecystitis.2. Mildly increased echogenicity of the kidneys bilaterally, consistent with medical renal disease/parenchymal dysfunction.
1. Cholelithiasis without acute inflammation or ductal dilatation.2. Liver is of normal echogenicity without focal lesion or ductal dilatation.
1. Mild increased echogenicity of the kidneys bilaterally, suggestive of medical renal disease/parenchymal dysfunction. There is no evidence of obstruction.
Diffuse mildly coarse and echogenic liver, may represent nonspecific fatty infiltration/parenchymal dysfunction. No focal lesion identified.
1.Evidence of recurrent or metastatic disease
Moderate ascites. No evidence of left inguinal hernia as clinically questioned.
1. Coarse echogenic liver parenchyma with nodular contour, compatible with patient's known history of cirrhosis, without focal lesion or ductal dilatation.2. Stable splenomegaly.3. Moderate ascites.
1.Increased hepatic parenchymal echogenicity, coarsened echotexture, and cirrhotic morphology of the liver, without focal hepatic mass or intrahepatic or extrahepatic biliary ductal dilatation.2.Splenomegaly.
Abnormal bowel gas pattern. No evidence of bowel perforation.
1. Moderate, unchanged bilateral hydronephrosis.2. Partially imaged gallbladder is distended with gallstones and sludge.3. Small bilateral pleural effusions.
Right kidney is normal in appearance. Left kidney is not well visualized. 
1.Bilateral pleural effusions. No sonographic evidence of right upper quadrant pain.
A solid nodule in the superior pole of the right lobe measures 0.8 x 1.0 x 0.6 cm. It has not changed in appearance from the previous exam. This nodule is amenable to biopsy. Multiple additional thyroid nodules appear stable.
Cirrhotic liver morphology without suspicious mass or ascites.
Nonspecific complex intramuscular fluid collection in the medial aspect of the left gluteal fold measuring approximately 4.2 x 2.8 x 4.2 cm. This collection is not drainable at this time and could represent an inflammatory phlegmon versus complex hematoma. 
1. Not seen on prior sonographic imaging is at least one and possibly additional heterogeneous hepatic lesions as described above, lesions are indeterminant but differential considerations include hepatic abscesses or metastases. If patient's renal function tests allow, further evaluation with dedicated contrast-enhanced CT or MRI recommended.2. No biliary ductal dilatation as clinically questioned.3. Thick-walled gallbladder (measuring up to 10 mm), nonspecific in setting of ascites.4. Findings compatible with medical renal disease. No hydronephrosis. Subcentimeter right upper pole renal cystic focus suggested, poorly assessed secondary to small size (not seen on prior exam, may be due to differences in technique). 5. Ascites. 
Minimal prominence of the right renal collecting system with no definite hydronephrosis or masses.
1.No hydronephrosis. 
Aneurysmal dilatation of the mid abdominal aorta as above. 
1.Normal liver echogenicity and echotexture.2.Sub-centimeter echogenic focus in the right lobe of the liver, which was not visible on PET/CT from 6/9/2015. This finding may represent a hemangioma but is too small to characterize currently--follow-up study may be beneficial to assess stability.3.Bilateral echogenic atrophic kidneys, suggestive of medical renal disease. Anechoic foci in bilateral kidneys suggestive of cysts, but too small to characterize.4.Trace ascites.
Cirrhotic liver morphology, no suspicious lesion. Ascites present.Main portal vein patent with normal directional flow, velocity decreased measuring 8 to 11 cm/s (previously measured 10 to 20 cm/s). Bilateral nonobstructing intrarenal stones.
No sonographic evidence of recurrent disease.
No soft tissue lesion seen to suggest parathyroid adenoma or hyperplastic gland.Bilateral thyroid nodules as described with dominant mixed predominantly cystic/solid nodule seen on right side. No definite suspicious features but if there is clinical concern, nodule would be amenable to biopsy.Please see same day nuclear medicine study for additional findings.
1.No sonographic findings of cholelithiasis. Possible trace debris within the gallbladder.
